Well, my years in school were not easy.
Some would tease me,
others would laugh at me,
and still others would use
hurtful words toward me.
I felt unloved and not needed.
Sadly, my parents refused
to take me to school.
“The best you can do
“is to get rid of this child;
just throw her away.”
That is what my father
was told by his friend.
Prejudice against people with albinism
can be very cruel.
Those who are targeted
can be traumatized for life.
Albinism is a genetic disorder
in which ones eyes, skin, or hair
have little or no pigmentation.
People with this condition
struggle with vision problems.
Extreme sensitivity to sunlight
also puts them
at a high risk for skin cancer.
Beyond the physical challenges,
they also have to deal
with unwarranted social stigmas.
In some African countries,
people with albinism
are even attacked or killed
by those involved in spiritistic rituals.
This leads them
to live in isolation.
Tasila used to cry often
and feel down,
but since she has learned
the truth in the Bible,
she has found comfort.
What helped me to endure all these trials
was praying to Jehovah regularly
and reading his Word, the Bible.
The first scripture that touches me deeply
is Psalm 18:25.
This scripture touches my heart
—to know that if I continue
being loyal and righteous,
Jehovah cannot forget
and he will also “act in loyalty” toward me.
James was the target of intense ridicule.
He isolated himself
and felt worthless.
The scripture I love the most is John 17:3.
When I read this scripture,
I was very happy
because I realized that Jehovah values me,
or is concerned about me.
So this showed me that Jehovah loves me.
Judith has now spent 24 years
in the full-time ministry.
As a young girl,
she was the target of vicious ridicule.
She felt insecure and kept to herself.
Revelation 21:3, 4—
when I read this scripture, ah,
my faith is strengthened.
I feel very happy.
It’s only through diligent,
daily Bible reading
and attending the meetings with our brothers
and going out in the ministry
—this makes me strong and fortifies my faith.
Jehovah’s people love and accept
those who suffer from various conditions,
including albinism.
Tasila, James, and Judith
are among those who have experienced
that brotherly love and acceptance
in Jehovah’s organization.
There is a big difference
between how people of the world
and how the brothers view me.
The love they have shown me
has helped me prove that really
this is a spiritual family.
When I am among my brothers and sisters,
I do not see any difference
or think that I have different skin.
But I feel loved and happy.
I do not lack anything.
This is my spiritual family.
Whenever I am among brothers and sisters,
I feel happy and protected
because they show me true love.
Tasila serves as a zealous regular pioneer.
She has overcome illiteracy
and now knows how to cope
with hostility and prejudice.
Despite all the negative things
she faced in the past,
she’s now positive and cheerful
and has her life and hope
firmly based on Jehovah’s promises.
James still has to deal
with prejudiced people from time to time,
but he does not allow that
to make him bitter.
Rather, he chooses to respond
in a kind manner.
Judith has experienced
many disappointments in life,
but above all, she cherishes being
one of Jehovah’s people.
This overwhelming, impartial love
shown by fellow brothers and sisters
in the congregations
is a source of support and help
not only for individuals with albinism
but for anyone who struggles
with a challenging physical condition
or disability.
Yes, “mere man sees what appears to the eyes,
but Jehovah sees into the heart.”
“Mere man sees what appears to the eyes,
Those are the words found at 1 Samuel 16:7,
and it was one of the verses we saw
on the chalkboard in the video.
Jehovah certainly saw
into the hearts of James,
Tasila, and Judith
and reassured them of His love
through the congregation.